Fiber-local storage (#256)
ocaml-multicore/eio: tests/test_domains.md

    );;
Exception: Invalid_argument "Switch accessed from wrong domain!".
```

# Fiber-local storage

Creating a context key:

```ocaml
# let key : int Fiber.key = Fiber.create_key ();;
val key : int Fiber.key = <abstr>

# let trace_key () =
  let value = Fiber.get key in
  traceln "Key => %a" Fmt.(option ~none:(const string "<unset>") int) value;;
val trace_key : unit -> unit = <fun>
```

Keys default to being unset

```ocaml
# run @@ fun _ ->
  trace_key ();;
+Key => <unset>
- : unit = ()
```

`with_binding` can be used to define a key.

```ocaml
# run @@ fun _ ->
  Fiber.with_binding key 123 @@ fun () -> trace_key ();;
+Key => 123
- : unit = ()
```

`with_binding` will shadow variables defined in outer scopes.

```ocaml
# run @@ fun _ ->
  Fiber.with_binding key 123 @@ fun () ->
  trace_key ();
  Fiber.with_binding key 456 (fun () -> trace_key ());
  trace_key ();;
+Key => 123
+Key => 456
+Key => 123
- : unit = ()
```

> Values are propagated when forking, or sending fibers to other domains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Values are propagated when forking, but not when spawning fibers in other domains (as the values may not be thread-safe).
```
